




I have three university degrees (up to doctorate level) from recognized universities. I obtained a doctorate in Information Science from University of Western Ontario in 2022. I have over 11 years experience in the information industry covering wide ranging specialities including information product/service management, library and information management, media and information literacy, misinformation, information policy research, policy analysis, web content management, technical writing, community outreach, etc. 


I have conducted multiple research projects on how public information policies have been applied to different cases of public risk and emergency management across multiple countries. These include hurricane dorian (North America), Covid-19 pandemic (subsaharan Africa), natural disaster risk administration (Canada), Facebook as tool of community support in emergency (Canada), etc. I was also a part of a group that periodically reviewed information policies for the faculty.


In my previous roles as Mobilization Officer (2013-2018), I had the opportunity to participate in and sometimes lead the development of public communication and awareness information materials towards various causes such as Ebola virus disease, Lass fever, election and civic issues, etc. In these instance, I actively participated in drawing information policies for both within and outside the organization towards the purpose of ensuring effective and non-contradictory communication. 



As part of many research endeavours, I have written considerably on how public information policies can be better suited towards the benefits of the less privileged and underserved communities within Canada (Badmus, 2020). In my doctoral dissertation (2022), I also provided a sound roadmap on how public information policy could benefit from the adoption of social media and new digital tools to reach wider audience and take control of narratives surrounding contemporary issues especially given the problems of information overloading, mis/disinformation and proliferated expertise. 


As a product manager (2012-2013), I was responsible for designing, developing and curating contents for a number of websites which comprised news sites, professional events registration portals, digital marketing portals, etc. In this role, I had the opportunity to exercise my skills in digital and technical content writing for wide ranging audience. 

At UWO (2018-2022), I used Sharepoint (and other Microsoft office tools) for teaching and (research) collaborating purposes. I am equally adept at using other collaborative and document sharing packages (Slack, Onebox, Huddle, Google workspace & drive, dropbox, etc. )